EZP-30624: Added SQL for dfs_schema in the Clustering guide (#744)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/clustering.md

    The default database install will now include the dfs table *in the same database*

> For production, we strongly recommend creating the DFS table in its own database, manually importing its schema definition (see `dfs_schema.sql` below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For production, it is recommended to create the DFS table in its own database,
manually importing its schema definition:
```

> ??? "dfs_schema.sql (MySQL)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? note "dfs_schema.sql (MySQL)"
```

    ``` sql
        CREATE TABLE ezdfsfile (
          name text NOT NULL,
          name_trunk text NOT NULL,
          name_hash varchar(34) NOT NULL DEFAULT '',
          datatype varchar(255) NOT NULL DEFAULT 'application/octet-stream',
          scope varchar(25) NOT NULL DEFAULT '',
          size bigint(20) unsigned NOT NULL DEFAULT '0',
          mtime int(11) NOT NULL DEFAULT '0',
          expired tinyint(1) NOT NULL DEFAULT '0',
          status tinyint(1) NOT NULL DEFAULT '0',
          PRIMARY KEY (name_hash),
          KEY ezdfsfile_name (name (191)),
          KEY ezdfsfile_name_trunk (name_trunk (191)),
          KEY ezdfsfile_mtime (mtime),
          KEY ezdfsfile_expired_name (expired,name (191))
        ) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb4;
    ```

> ??? "dfs_schema.sql (PostgreSQL)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? note "dfs_schema.sql (PostgreSQL)"
```

    ``` sql
    CREATE TABLE ezdfsfile (
      name_hash varchar(34) DEFAULT '' NOT NULL,
      name text NOT NULL,
      name_trunk text NOT NULL,
      datatype varchar(255) DEFAULT 'application/octet-stream' NOT NULL,
      scope character varying(25) DEFAULT '' NOT NULL,
      size bigint DEFAULT 0 NOT NULL,
      mtime integer DEFAULT 0 NOT NULL,
      expired boolean DEFAULT false NOT NULL,
      status boolean DEFAULT false NOT NULL
    );

    ALTER TABLE ONLY ezdfsfile
      ADD CONSTRAINT ezdfsfile_pkey PRIMARY KEY (name_hash);

    CREATE INDEX ezdfsfile_expired_name ON ezdfsfile USING btree (expired, name);
    CREATE INDEX ezdfsfile_mtime ON ezdfsfile USING btree (mtime);
    CREATE INDEX ezdfsfile_name ON ezdfsfile USING btree (name);
    CREATE INDEX ezdfsfile_name_trunk ON ezdfsfile USING btree (name_trunk);
    ```

> 

Author: When making this PR, I've realized that separate PostgreSQL schema is not supported on Platform.sh (it is only for MySQL). At least it wasn't when we tested PostgreSQL there.

So I'm thinking it's worth adding that to the doc. Do you think here ^ is a good place? If so, should it be a `!!! tip` or something else?

Reviewer: 1. Yes
2. `!!! note` is better

Author: Added as c21efa0.

> In our example, we will use Doctrine connection named `dfs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example used Doctrine connection named `dfs`:
```

          PRIMARY KEY (name_hash),
          KEY ezdfsfile_name (name (191)),
          KEY ezdfsfile_name_trunk (name_trunk (191)),
          KEY ezdfsfile_mtime (mtime),
          KEY ezdfsfile_expired_name (expired,name (191))
        ) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb4;
    ```

??? note "dfs_schema.sql (PostgreSQL)"

    ``` sql
    CREATE TABLE ezdfsfile (
      name_hash varchar(34) DEFAULT '' NOT NULL,
      name text NOT NULL,
      name_trunk text NOT NULL,
      datatype varchar(255) DEFAULT 'application/octet-stream' NOT NULL,
      scope character varying(25) DEFAULT '' NOT NULL,
      size bigint DEFAULT 0 NOT NULL,
      mtime integer DEFAULT 0 NOT NULL,
      expired boolean DEFAULT false NOT NULL,
      status boolean DEFAULT false NOT NULL
    );

    ALTER TABLE ONLY ezdfsfile
      ADD CONSTRAINT ezdfsfile_pkey PRIMARY KEY (name_hash);

    CREATE INDEX ezdfsfile_expired_name ON ezdfsfile USING btree (expired, name);
    CREATE INDEX ezdfsfile_mtime ON ezdfsfile USING btree (mtime);
    CREATE INDEX ezdfsfile_name ON ezdfsfile USING btree (name);
    CREATE INDEX ezdfsfile_name_trunk ON ezdfsfile USING btree (name_trunk);
    ```

> This example used Doctrine connection named `dfs`:

Reviewer: Ahh, typo on my part:
```suggestion
This example uses Doctrine connection named `dfs`:
```
